we interview a young entrepreneur
Neapolitan
what do you think of the crisis but which one?
crisis excuse but crisis the crisis does not
exists but I went to work
this morning at 11 and 30 mo traffic
abusive on the street returning to do
gasoline at the distributor or three four
14 16 year old boys that every scooter that
I was full again
machine a draft do without but a
this question that people fail
to arrive later this month
we Italians are all of us know
of the sheep a patagones all of them
to follow that thing but because it is necessary
arriving by force at the end of the month lined up
weekend dull as well e
states with certainty that the crisis is
a normal invention that if you are a
to cry on and not to the crisis
feel but that I guess it for example
this morning he was a bit down in tone
now it's a bush unless ariella are
went down no shopping appears from
louis vuitton
now he has bought the jacket he already has
hit this morning if I'm there because it's there
still the card
who makes them na cus on pigeons who do not
see these things to these
minucciano followed had to do that
I did because I have to show that it holds
hewitt jacket back 4 1 1 that puts in
absolutely absolutely no evidence
one from vuitton goes there because one must
relax wheaton should do it
lived psychologist I came out of the net
nice relaxed quiet i got in
in the car has already done four hours of
traffic stopped because of the workers
they were manifesting I am one of those
cassintegrati or only cassintegrato sogno
but sti caxxi the tea mayor who does not
napolitano that does not feel well
in the Rhenish city time of crisis for
I'm guilty of these here I don't even have
the money to send my son
he was not in university, he does not hold
exams are sought but it is a dog that
it bites its tail but I don't know what it is
demonstrations at school and did when
serves in crisis because it was studied and
ana rosa beautiful now the workers
modern no these they want to be
paid every month the salary each
month not new pinga I have a rose
in every Italy this is a month
mister nacci billions next month
maybe I get 100 thousand euros
or I get it
fifty thousand euros another way
twenty thousand euros another two months
substance
here is the word calamatta a friend of mine
entrepreneur has built a center
commercial employed 30 40 families
that blocked him because he built
on a cemetery of 300 per hour it is tasted
number in amana had patience
built on the cemetery of the fourteenth century
still means a dead zone
be patient though my patients
complain of a decrease in consumption but which
consumption drop you will not be consumed
as that consumes train of god of
gasoline and then the empty rooms but which ones
with local states is everybody
feet the foreign hospitals are the
stretchers bunk songs and eats knows
and then he feels sick but the hospital
rightly overcrowded prisons
because why people go to steal
because there is a lot of money because
equitalia overflowing local remote control
people who jump on each other and who
they have to pay taxes or not taxes
I can pay you not because I don't pay
I can afford
then there are people who
practically make them do it
employees from 8 to 17
then they make him do six hours of
extraordinary even havana shop
you're breaking the market it's your fault
if there is a crisis this is true
problem the crisis is an invention
the crisis is an invention of the Maya mayans
they invented the crisis because they had to
selling more calendars is crap has
dates take life fun take
the 90 degrees enjoy it you feel me
give a tear to mergellina because they are
even without money request
So we've stalled but giving
many like the crisis the guide go to
feet never come down on buffon there is the dresser
the agricultural crisis
but a bit of jogging write
china marra see us